here it comes that's key another land
speed record so I seasonic know those
who stickers I mean for you holding up
ooh you've spent no profits behind you
shoot all right a customer Chuck's chili
dogs what's that really of course we can
handle such a big order sure we'll
deliver it yippee an order for 200 chili
dogs we're rich yeah ash number 200 are
you sure you can carry all these doc
let's sit a question look at mine if you
go he's the fastest thing on two feet Oh
what are you ground at let's eat Oh on
whose authority the same one in order
two hundred chilidogs hmm Robotnik
intramural possum surrender where am I
what happened Sonic how bout chili dog
for my favorite nephew don't be a free
time I know what I look like on the
outside but inside I'm Uncle Chuck you
and I have something very important to
tell you this is no time to be eating
sonic Robotnik's trapping aboard another
dimension of reality Sniffy's take his
place the Wonder has to be inside trans
dimensional transporter second room
towards him he's childish enough teams
there's still a chance Steph additional
will not let his other units that makes
me the perfect spot it doesn't look
promising Bernie not much we can do
except I may have an option but it's a
huge risk banging their jewels my wife
and son need you as do i you guys are
all the family I have left easy there if
only I had time for tests but it's too
late for what I coulda shouldas down
once i push this button there's no
turning back this doesn't work my
brother please forgive me a minute of
your time Julian it's me I know you're
quite the scientists and
I'm hoping y'all have better luck
getting this thing work than I did not
anymore I never was cut out for the
sponsibility is dedicated to me anyway
and who's to say he might as well be
look at him I'm fraud Bernie may be
intelligent but I'm not genius everyone
using credit for